Title: Application of Image Classification Algorithm Based on Deep Learning in Residential Interior Design Style Recognition.
Description: Periódico científico acadêmicoBy: Jiaxin Tian; Aqbar Zakaria, Safial. RISTI: Iberian Journal on Information Systems & Technologies / Revista Ibérica de Sistemas e Tecnologias de Informação. nov2023, Issue E63, p340-352. 13p. (AN: 174485599), Base de dados: Fonte AcadêmicaApplication of Image Classification Algorithm Based on Deep Learning in Residential Interior Design Style Recognition. By: Jiaxin Tian; Aqbar Zakaria, Safial. RISTI: Iberian Journal on Information Systems & Technologies / Revista Ibérica de Sistemas e Tecnologias de Informação. nov2023, Issue E63, p340-352. 13p. (AN: 174485599) Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaApplication of Image Classification Algorithm Based on Deep Learning in Residential Interior Design Style Recognition. By: Jiaxin Tian; Aqbar Zakaria, Safial. RISTI: Iberian Journal on Information Systems & Technologies / Revista Ibérica de Sistemas e Tecnologias de Informação. nov2023, Issue E63, p340-352. 13p. (AN: 174485599) Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens Texto completo em PDFSalvar PDF em Nuvem (2.6MB)

Title: AI IN EDUCATION AND BEYOND: TRANSFORMING CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES AND SECTORIAL PRACTICES IN THE DIGITAL ECONOMY.
Description: Periódico científico acadêmicoBy: Gowda, Kavitha R. Review of Artificial Intelligence in Education. 2023, Issue 4, p1-9. 9p. Abstract: Objective: This research delves into the increasing prominence of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the current economy, particularly in enhancing customer experiences and reshaping traditional approaches across various sectors, including education. Results: With the shift towards online shopping for convenience and customization, AI has emerged as a pivotal tool for businesses. Educational institutions are transitioning from conventional methods, exemplified by Arizona State University's adoption of Alexa to provide students with streamlined institutional information. Furthermore, advancements in AI, supported by fast GPUs and access to vast training data, have enabled innovations like driverless cars, as highlighted by Russell Glenister's insights. The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated the demand for AI-driven, no-touch interactions due to the imposed social distancing norms. Conclusions: AI's integration into daily life and the economy is undeniable, paving the way for new industries, consumer devices, job shifts, and more. While the exact ramifications of AI and the Internet of Things remain uncertain, they hold the potential to significantly disrupt and reshape the global economy. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR] DOI: 10.37497/rev.artif.intell.educ.v4i00.8. (AN: 175597228), Base de dados: Fonte AcadêmicaAssuntos: DIGITIZATION; GRAPHICS processing units; SOCIAL distancing; SOCIAL norms; CUSTOMER servicesAI IN EDUCATION AND BEYOND: TRANSFORMING CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES AND SECTORIAL PRACTICES IN THE DIGITAL ECONOMY. By: Gowda, Kavitha R. Review of Artificial Intelligence in Education. 2023, Issue 4, p1-9. 9p. Abstract: Objective: This research delves into the increasing prominence of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the current economy, particularly in enhancing customer experiences and reshaping traditional approaches across various sectors, including education. Results: With the shift towards online shopping for convenience and customization, AI has emerged as a pivotal tool for businesses. Educational institutions are transitioning from conventional methods, exemplified by Arizona State University's adoption of Alexa to provide students with streamlined institutional information. Furthermore, advancements in AI, supported by fast GPUs and access to vast training data, have enabled innovations like driverless cars, as highlighted by Russell Glenister's insights. The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated the demand for AI-driven, no-touch interactions due to the imposed social distancing norms. Conclusions: AI's integration into daily life and the economy is undeniable, paving the way for new industries, consumer devices, job shifts, and more. While the exact ramifications of AI and the Internet of Things remain uncertain, they hold the potential to significantly disrupt and reshape the global economy. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR] DOI: 10.37497/rev.artif.intell.educ.v4i00.8. (AN: 175597228) Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaAI IN EDUCATION AND BEYOND: TRANSFORMING CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES AND SECTORIAL PRACTICES IN THE DIGITAL ECONOMY. By: Gowda, Kavitha R. Review of Artificial Intelligence in Education. 2023, Issue 4, p1-9. 9p. Abstract: Objective: This research delves into the increasing prominence of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the current economy, particularly in enhancing customer experiences and reshaping traditional approaches across various sectors, including education. Results: With the shift towards online shopping for convenience and customization, AI has emerged as a pivotal tool for businesses. Educational institutions are transitioning from conventional methods, exemplified by Arizona State University's adoption of Alexa to provide students with streamlined institutional information. Furthermore, advancements in AI, supported by fast GPUs and access to vast training data, have enabled innovations like driverless cars, as highlighted by Russell Glenister's insights. The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated the demand for AI-driven, no-touch interactions due to the imposed social distancing norms. Conclusions: AI's integration into daily life and the economy is undeniable, paving the way for new industries, consumer devices, job shifts, and more. While the exact ramifications of AI and the Internet of Things remain uncertain, they hold the potential to significantly disrupt and reshape the global economy. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR] DOI: 10.37497/rev.artif.intell.educ.v4i00.8. (AN: 175597228) Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens Texto completo em PDFSalvar PDF em Nuvem (1.7MB)

Title: Evaluating the Effectiveness of Open Source Chatbots for Customer Support
Description: Dissertação/ tese By: Dacic, Fabian; Eriksson Sepúlveda, Fredric. Linnéuniversitetet, Institutionen för datavetenskap och medieteknik (DM), 2023. Language: English. Abstract: Chatbots are becoming increasingly popular in various industries, and thereare many options available for businesses and organisations. Several studieshave investigated open-source chatbots and identified their core strengths,implementation, and integration capabilities however few have investigatedopen-source chatbot frameworks and libraries in a specific use case such asmedicine. The project's objective was to evaluate a selection of chatbots ormore specifically two frameworks: Botkit and Rasa, and two libraries:ChatterBot, and Natural which was utilised together with Botkit and alanguage model which is DialoGPT. The evaluation focuses specifically onaccuracy, consistency, and response time. Frequently asked questions fromthe World Health Organization and COVID-19 related Dialogue Datasetfrom GitHub were utilised to test the chatbots' abilities in handling differentqueries and accuracy was measured through metrics like Jaccard similarity,bilingual evaluation understudy (BLEU), and recall oriented gistingevaluation (ROUGE) scores, consistency through Jaccard similarity betweenthe generated responses and response time was taken to be the average timefor a response in seconds. The analysis revealed unique strengths andlimitations for each chatbot model. Rasa displayed robust performance inaccuracy, consistency, and customisation capabilities if the chatbot works ina particular topic with acceptable response times. DialoGPT demonstratedstrong conversational abilities and contextually relevant responses withtrade-offs in consistency. ChatterBot showed consistency, though sometimesstruggled with advanced queries, and Botkit with Natural stood out for itsquick response times, albeit with limitations in accuracy and scalability.Despite implementation challenges, these open-source frameworks, libraries,and models offer promising solutions for organisations intending to harnessconversational agents' technology. The study suggests encouraging furtherexploration and refinement in this rapidly evolving field. (AN: edsndl.UPSALLA1.oai.DiVA.org.lnu.121740), Base de dados: Networked Digital Library of Theses & DissertationsAssuntos: chatbot; machine learning; software framework; software library; language model; artificial intelligence; customer support; medicine; COVID-19; ChatterBot; Botkit; Natural JavaScript library; DialoGPT; Rasa; natural language processing; Computer Sciences; Datavetenskap (datalogi)Evaluating the Effectiveness of Open Source Chatbots for Customer Support By: Dacic, Fabian; Eriksson Sepúlveda, Fredric. Linnéuniversitetet, Institutionen för datavetenskap och medieteknik (DM), 2023. Language: English. Abstract: Chatbots are becoming increasingly popular in various industries, and thereare many options available for businesses and organisations. Several studieshave investigated open-source chatbots and identified their core strengths,implementation, and integration capabilities however few have investigatedopen-source chatbot frameworks and libraries in a specific use case such asmedicine. The project's objective was to evaluate a selection of chatbots ormore specifically two frameworks: Botkit and Rasa, and two libraries:ChatterBot, and Natural which was utilised together with Botkit and alanguage model which is DialoGPT. The evaluation focuses specifically onaccuracy, consistency, and response time. Frequently asked questions fromthe World Health Organization and COVID-19 related Dialogue Datasetfrom GitHub were utilised to test the chatbots' abilities in handling differentqueries and accuracy was measured through metrics like Jaccard similarity,bilingual evaluation understudy (BLEU), and recall oriented gistingevaluation (ROUGE) scores, consistency through Jaccard similarity betweenthe generated responses and response time was taken to be the average timefor a response in seconds. The analysis revealed unique strengths andlimitations for each chatbot model. Rasa displayed robust performance inaccuracy, consistency, and customisation capabilities if the chatbot works ina particular topic with acceptable response times. DialoGPT demonstratedstrong conversational abilities and contextually relevant responses withtrade-offs in consistency. ChatterBot showed consistency, though sometimesstruggled with advanced queries, and Botkit with Natural stood out for itsquick response times, albeit with limitations in accuracy and scalability.Despite implementation challenges, these open-source frameworks, libraries,and models offer promising solutions for organisations intending to harnessconversational agents' technology. The study suggests encouraging furtherexploration and refinement in this rapidly evolving field. (AN: edsndl.UPSALLA1.oai.DiVA.org.lnu.121740) Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaEvaluating the Effectiveness of Open Source Chatbots for Customer Support By: Dacic, Fabian; Eriksson Sepúlveda, Fredric. Linnéuniversitetet, Institutionen för datavetenskap och medieteknik (DM), 2023. Language: English. Abstract: Chatbots are becoming increasingly popular in various industries, and thereare many options available for businesses and organisations. Several studieshave investigated open-source chatbots and identified their core strengths,implementation, and integration capabilities however few have investigatedopen-source chatbot frameworks and libraries in a specific use case such asmedicine. The project's objective was to evaluate a selection of chatbots ormore specifically two frameworks: Botkit and Rasa, and two libraries:ChatterBot, and Natural which was utilised together with Botkit and alanguage model which is DialoGPT. The evaluation focuses specifically onaccuracy, consistency, and response time. Frequently asked questions fromthe World Health Organization and COVID-19 related Dialogue Datasetfrom GitHub were utilised to test the chatbots' abilities in handling differentqueries and accuracy was measured through metrics like Jaccard similarity,bilingual evaluation understudy (BLEU), and recall oriented gistingevaluation (ROUGE) scores, consistency through Jaccard similarity betweenthe generated responses and response time was taken to be the average timefor a response in seconds. The analysis revealed unique strengths andlimitations for each chatbot model. Rasa displayed robust performance inaccuracy, consistency, and customisation capabilities if the chatbot works ina particular topic with acceptable response times. DialoGPT demonstratedstrong conversational abilities and contextually relevant responses withtrade-offs in consistency. ChatterBot showed consistency, though sometimesstruggled with advanced queries, and Botkit with Natural stood out for itsquick response times, albeit with limitations in accuracy and scalability.Despite implementation challenges, these open-source frameworks, libraries,and models offer promising solutions for organisations intending to harnessconversational agents' technology. The study suggests encouraging furtherexploration and refinement in this rapidly evolving field. (AN: edsndl.UPSALLA1.oai.DiVA.org.lnu.121740) Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens

Title: A Text Classification Methodology to Assist a Large Technical Support System
Description: Periódico científico acadêmico By: Elene Firmeza Ohata; Cesar Lincoln Cavalcante Mattos; Samuel Luz Gomes; Elizangela De Souza Reboucas; Paulo Antonio Leal Rego. In: IEEE Access, Vol 10, Pp 108413-108421 (2022); IEEE, 2022. Language: English. Abstract: Text-based tools for reporting technical issues and receiving support are widespread in commercial applications, such as customer services and internal corporate communication. Past issues recorded in such systems may provide valuable knowledge for better handling future interactions. Nevertheless, the predominance of short messages and the presence of specific domain subjects constitute additional challenges. In this work, we aim to build an assistant for a system operating in a large company that provides asynchronous services for technical support. It is known that some repetitive technical issues can be handled with simple standard messages, named templates. Thus, we propose a modular pipeline based on natural language processing and machine learning algorithms to enable raw text processing, feature extraction, and supervised learning to recommend suitable templates from a given textual description of the incoming issue. In a real-world scenario, the proposed pipeline achieved an average accuracy of 72.7%, a promising result for a setup with 9 classes and few labeled training instances. Moreover, a post hoc analysis shows how our methodology is able to correctly identify the words more closely related to the corresponding templates. (AN: edsdoj.9de8127b137a40ad85b5b2589bbe27cd), Base de dados: Directory of Open Access JournalsAssuntos: Natural language processing; text classification; technical support; automated assistant; Electrical engineering. Electronics. Nuclear engineering; TK1-9971A Text Classification Methodology to Assist a Large Technical Support System By: Elene Firmeza Ohata; Cesar Lincoln Cavalcante Mattos; Samuel Luz Gomes; Elizangela De Souza Reboucas; Paulo Antonio Leal Rego. In: IEEE Access, Vol 10, Pp 108413-108421 (2022); IEEE, 2022. Language: English. Abstract: Text-based tools for reporting technical issues and receiving support are widespread in commercial applications, such as customer services and internal corporate communication. Past issues recorded in such systems may provide valuable knowledge for better handling future interactions. Nevertheless, the predominance of short messages and the presence of specific domain subjects constitute additional challenges. In this work, we aim to build an assistant for a system operating in a large company that provides asynchronous services for technical support. It is known that some repetitive technical issues can be handled with simple standard messages, named templates. Thus, we propose a modular pipeline based on natural language processing and machine learning algorithms to enable raw text processing, feature extraction, and supervised learning to recommend suitable templates from a given textual description of the incoming issue. In a real-world scenario, the proposed pipeline achieved an average accuracy of 72.7%, a promising result for a setup with 9 classes and few labeled training instances. Moreover, a post hoc analysis shows how our methodology is able to correctly identify the words more closely related to the corresponding templates. (AN: edsdoj.9de8127b137a40ad85b5b2589bbe27cd) Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaA Text Classification Methodology to Assist a Large Technical Support System By: Elene Firmeza Ohata; Cesar Lincoln Cavalcante Mattos; Samuel Luz Gomes; Elizangela De Souza Reboucas; Paulo Antonio Leal Rego. In: IEEE Access, Vol 10, Pp 108413-108421 (2022); IEEE, 2022. Language: English. Abstract: Text-based tools for reporting technical issues and receiving support are widespread in commercial applications, such as customer services and internal corporate communication. Past issues recorded in such systems may provide valuable knowledge for better handling future interactions. Nevertheless, the predominance of short messages and the presence of specific domain subjects constitute additional challenges. In this work, we aim to build an assistant for a system operating in a large company that provides asynchronous services for technical support. It is known that some repetitive technical issues can be handled with simple standard messages, named templates. Thus, we propose a modular pipeline based on natural language processing and machine learning algorithms to enable raw text processing, feature extraction, and supervised learning to recommend suitable templates from a given textual description of the incoming issue. In a real-world scenario, the proposed pipeline achieved an average accuracy of 72.7%, a promising result for a setup with 9 classes and few labeled training instances. Moreover, a post hoc analysis shows how our methodology is able to correctly identify the words more closely related to the corresponding templates. (AN: edsdoj.9de8127b137a40ad85b5b2589bbe27cd) Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens Ver este registro via DOAJ

Title: A practical guide to big data research in psychology.
Description: Periódico científico acadêmico Chen, Eric Evan; Wojcik, Sean P.; Psychological Methods, Vol 21(4), Dec, 2016 Special Issue: Big Data in Psychology. pp. 458-474. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article], Base de dados: APA PsycArticlesAssuntos: Data Processing; Machine Learning; Psychology; Statistical Analysis; Data MiningA practical guide to big data research in psychology. Chen, Eric Evan; Wojcik, Sean P.; Psychological Methods, Vol 21(4), Dec, 2016 Special Issue: Big Data in Psychology. pp. 458-474. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article] Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaA practical guide to big data research in psychology. Chen, Eric Evan; Wojcik, Sean P.; Psychological Methods, Vol 21(4), Dec, 2016 Special Issue: Big Data in Psychology. pp. 458-474. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article] Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens

Title: Conversational AI Assistant Using Artificial Neural Networks: Implementation of a contextual chatbot framework in a Point-of-Sale system
Description: By: Díaz Herrera, Juan Camilo. 11/04/2021 Language: English. Abstract: Internship Report presented as the partial requirement for obtaining a Master's degree in Data Science and Advanced Analytics, specialization in Business Analytics / Artificial intelligence is changing the way how businesses are affronting their day-to-day difficulties. Chatbots are the perfect demonstration of how simple tasks and queries such as customer support or sales metrics and reporting could be solved without human intervention. This project introduced a task-oriented chatbot framework for Spanish language in a Point-Of-Sale webpage. We applied Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques such as NER and evaluated two supervised learning methods: (i) an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and (ii) a Support Vector Machines (SVM) model to create a contextualized chatbot that classifies the user’s intention in a text conversation, allowing bidirectional human-to-machine communication. These intents could go from simple chitchatting to detailed reports, always providing a natural flow in conversation. The results using an augmented and balanced corpus suggested that ANN model performed statistically better than SVM. Additionally, a real-word scenario with a small-talk survey made to five users gave positive feedback about the quality of predictions. Finally, a software architecture using a PaaS computing service and an API framework was proposed to implement this dialog system in further works. (AN: rcaap.com.unl.run.unl.pt.10362.127803), Base de dados: RCAAPAssuntos: Natural Language Processing; Name Entity Recognition; Natural Language Understanding; Artificial Neural Network; Support Vector Machine; Word Embeddings; Chatbot; Virtual AssistantConversational AI Assistant Using Artificial Neural Networks: Implementation of a contextual chatbot framework in a Point-of-Sale system By: Díaz Herrera, Juan Camilo. 11/04/2021 Language: English. Abstract: Internship Report presented as the partial requirement for obtaining a Master's degree in Data Science and Advanced Analytics, specialization in Business Analytics / Artificial intelligence is changing the way how businesses are affronting their day-to-day difficulties. Chatbots are the perfect demonstration of how simple tasks and queries such as customer support or sales metrics and reporting could be solved without human intervention. This project introduced a task-oriented chatbot framework for Spanish language in a Point-Of-Sale webpage. We applied Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques such as NER and evaluated two supervised learning methods: (i) an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and (ii) a Support Vector Machines (SVM) model to create a contextualized chatbot that classifies the user’s intention in a text conversation, allowing bidirectional human-to-machine communication. These intents could go from simple chitchatting to detailed reports, always providing a natural flow in conversation. The results using an augmented and balanced corpus suggested that ANN model performed statistically better than SVM. Additionally, a real-word scenario with a small-talk survey made to five users gave positive feedback about the quality of predictions. Finally, a software architecture using a PaaS computing service and an API framework was proposed to implement this dialog system in further works. (AN: rcaap.com.unl.run.unl.pt.10362.127803) Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaConversational AI Assistant Using Artificial Neural Networks: Implementation of a contextual chatbot framework in a Point-of-Sale system By: Díaz Herrera, Juan Camilo. 11/04/2021 Language: English. Abstract: Internship Report presented as the partial requirement for obtaining a Master's degree in Data Science and Advanced Analytics, specialization in Business Analytics / Artificial intelligence is changing the way how businesses are affronting their day-to-day difficulties. Chatbots are the perfect demonstration of how simple tasks and queries such as customer support or sales metrics and reporting could be solved without human intervention. This project introduced a task-oriented chatbot framework for Spanish language in a Point-Of-Sale webpage. We applied Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques such as NER and evaluated two supervised learning methods: (i) an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and (ii) a Support Vector Machines (SVM) model to create a contextualized chatbot that classifies the user’s intention in a text conversation, allowing bidirectional human-to-machine communication. These intents could go from simple chitchatting to detailed reports, always providing a natural flow in conversation. The results using an augmented and balanced corpus suggested that ANN model performed statistically better than SVM. Additionally, a real-word scenario with a small-talk survey made to five users gave positive feedback about the quality of predictions. Finally, a software architecture using a PaaS computing service and an API framework was proposed to implement this dialog system in further works. (AN: rcaap.com.unl.run.unl.pt.10362.127803) Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens Ver este registro via RCAAP

Title: Psychometric properties of automated video interview competency assessments.
Description: Periódico científico acadêmico Liff, Josh; Mondragon, Nathan; Gardner, Cari; Hartwell, Christopher J.; Bradshaw, Adam; Journal of Applied Psychology, Vol 109(6), Jun, 2024 pp. 921-948. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article], Base de dados: APA PsycArticlesAssuntos: Convergent Validity; Digital Video; Interviews; Machine Learning; Personnel Selection; Professional Competence; Criterion Validity; Test-Retest Reliability; Adulthood (18 yrs & older); Young Adulthood (18-29 yrs); Thirties (30-39 yrs); Middle Age (40-64 yrs); Aged (65 yrs & older); Male; FemalePsychometric properties of automated video interview competency assessments. Liff, Josh; Mondragon, Nathan; Gardner, Cari; Hartwell, Christopher J.; Bradshaw, Adam; Journal of Applied Psychology, Vol 109(6), Jun, 2024 pp. 921-948. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article] Adicionar à pastaAdicionar à pastaPsychometric properties of automated video interview competency assessments. Liff, Josh; Mondragon, Nathan; Gardner, Cari; Hartwell, Christopher J.; Bradshaw, Adam; Journal of Applied Psychology, Vol 109(6), Jun, 2024 pp. 921-948. Publisher: American Psychological Association; [Journal Article] Remover da pastaRemover da pastaPara imprimir, enviar por e-mail ou salvar vários itens

